You can use WASD together with arrow keys as movement inputs (Space has no alt key)
Disable hit notes in Settings!
Being banned only lets you play the game offline. Your scores won't be uploaded online.
Click on your profile to enter "Community Tab"! There, you can chat with others and see the latest news!
Use /play [ID] to play a level without searching for it! (effective once Jammy gets online and in-game connection is established)
Follow players to be notified of their new top plays, new levels uploaded and new rates!
Time speed changes your Cursor trail speed.
Become a supporter and get access to early features!
Click H to change this text :D
The editor guide has a lot of useful things. Make sure to check it out!
Shift + left click changes the long cube width in the editor.
To get a perfect score, destroy each box with as little mistakes as possible.
Switch between fullscreen and windowed with "Alt+Enter"!
Take occassional breaks. Jammer Dash isn't going to change your life drastically.
Grinding to be the best isn't the goal. The goal is to have fun!
Check out the latest news in the Discord!
Are you a fan of snow? Enable the snow option in the options to have snow falling in the menu!!
Imported new levels? Click F5 to refresh your play screen!
Playing ranked-only levels will give you a massive disadvantage in score. Play Approved, Checked and Reviewed maps as well. They give out score to your level too!
Regularly check your notifications. Randomly we give out a chance to win supporter to free users (MONTHLY)!
If there's spam parts in levels you play, switch between keys (by default it's K and L, but you can change it in options).
If you don't like the default game keybind layout, feel free to change it in the Options (Works in versions v0.4.2 and newer)
You think you're better than your friends? Challenge them to a head-to-head match using "Multiplayer Mode" (versions v0.5.1 and newer)
If you ever get notified of a new update, download it. Something new just dropped :eyes:
Play screen is laggy? Delete the levels you don't play. Your scores will still be saved online (This game can support up to 500 levels in one screen)!